Add support for Xml code documentation exported to header (#116)
AaronRobinsonMSFT/DNNE: readme.md

  * The .NET platform provides [`SupportedOSPlatformAttribute`](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.runtime.versioning.supportedosplatformattribute) and [`UnsupportedOSPlatformAttribute`](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.runtime.versioning.unsupportedosplatformattribute) which are fully supported by DNNE. All .NET supplied platform names are recognized. It is also possible to define your own using `C99DeclCodeAttribute`. See [`MiscExport.cs`](./test/ExportingAssembly/MiscExports.cs) for an example.
* The consuming application for my .NET assembly fails catastrophically if .NET is not installed. How can I improve this UX?
  * For all non-recoverable scenarios, DNNE will call the standard C `abort()` function. This can be overridden by providing your own `dnne_abort()` function. See [`override.c`](./test/ExportingAssembly/override.c) in the [`ExportingAssembly`](./test/ExportingAssembly/ExportingAssembly.csproj) project for an example.
* How can I add documentation to the exported function in the header file?

>   * Just enable "GenerateDocumentationFile" in the project settings and add some xml documentation to the export function in .NET.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Add the MSBuild property `GenerateDocumentationFile` to the project and the xml documentation on exported C# functions will be added to the generated header file.
```
